Instructions for setting up the Fokker Organ Emulator for GrandOrgue

If you do not already have GrandOrgue, install it now.

Step 1: Loading the Organ

The first step is to load the organ. If you are on Windows, you can double click on 
or open the Fokker_Organ.organ file with GrandOrgue, which will load the Fokker Organ Emulator.
If you can't do that, open GrandOrgue and go to the toolbar. Go to File -> Open, and load the Fokker_Organ.organ
file provided in the folder. This should load the emulator. 

Step 2 (Optional): Checking Everything Works/Troubleshooting

Once the sampleset is loaded, go to Audio/Midi -> Organ Settings, and you should see an 
options window with a smaller window that has a tree view that shows the different manuals of the organ, 
the stops associated with each manual, and the wave samples (.wav files) associated with each stop.
For now, the only visible manual should be "Pedal 1." Next, scroll down in the smaller window until 
you see "Pedal 2." Click on "Pedal 2" (not the small minus sign next to it), and look at the settings. 
If the Tuning (Cent) value is 38.709702, then that means the right settings for the organ are loaded.
In that case, go to Step 3.

If the Tuning (Cent) value for Pedal 2 is 0.00000, then go to File -> Import Settings, and choose the "31-tet.cmb"
file provided in the folder. This should load the right settings, but to make sure, check "Pedal 2" again to make sure.

Step 3 (Optional): Checking Everything Works/Troubleshooting cot'd

Go to Audio/Midi -> Temperament and check if the current selected temperament is "31-tet."
If it is selected, you're good to go. If it isn't selected, and there is a 31-tet option, select it and you're good to go.

If there isn't a 31-tet option in Audio/Midi -> Temperament, then go to File -> Settings... -> Temperaments 
(you might need to use the arrows in the top right of the settings window to get there), and click on the "Add" button.
Then, input the following values:
c: 9.677
c#: -12.904
d: 3.225
d#: 19.355
e: -3.226
f: 12.903
f#: -9.678
g: 6.452
g#: -16.129
a: 0.000 (you might not have to change this one)
a#: 16.129
b: -6.452

Then, go to Audio/Midi -> Temperament and select the temperament you just made.
After that, everything should be working. If you want to save this state, go to File -> Save,
and the settings and temperament should be saved for future use.

Step 4: Playing

To set up MIDI settings for inputting to the emulator, 
right click on any of the stops or keyboards to set up the
settings for them. You can also go to File -> Settings... -> MIDI Devices
to set things up further.

Tip: each "manual" has 3 seperate stops for a pipe rank, but you can
assign them to the same MIDI event/keyboard shortcut so you can activate them
or deactivate them at the same time.